README.md, before:

Starter React Redux App on Glitch
=================================

This app is a very small scaffold to get you started using Redux with React, and it's a remix of [starter-react-router](https://starter-react-.glitch.me).

This project relates to video 4 of 5 in the [React Starter Kit](https://glitch.com/react-starter-kit) video series.

[![](https://cdn.glitch.com/7416f09f-3fb8-4d64-a222-f533d74a29fa%2Freact-redux.png?1513175252007)](https://youtu.be/M4bqyGj-rYw)

Click `Show` in the header to see your app live. Updates to your code will instantly deploy and update live.

Your Project
------------

On the front-end,
- edit files in `app` folder, it contains all the React stuff
- drag in `assets`, like images or music, to add them to your project

On the back-end,
- your app starts at `server.js`
- add frameworks and packages in `package.json`
- safely store app secrets in `.env` (nobody can see this but you and people you invite)

By [Glitch](https://glitch.com/)
-------------------

Glitch is the friendly commmunity where you'll build the app of your dreams. Glitch lets you instantly create, remix, edit, and host an app, bot or site, and you can invite collaborators or helpers to simultaneously edit code with you.

[Find out more](https://glitch.com/about).

\ ゜o゜)ノ

Commit message:

Exporting to nick264/chordify-visualizer

README.md, after:

Chordify Visualizer
=================================

This project is an attempt to make some visuals that meaningfully react to music, by taking chords and beats into account. Most automatically generated audio visualizations just use the volume or the raw waveform, which doesn't really convey much of the feeling of the music.

All the hard work this project relies on (i.e. extracting chord & beat information) is done by [Chordify](https://chordify.net/). Chordify is an amazing tool that turns any piece of music into guitar tab automatically, so that you can learn to play your favorite songs.

To create your own visuals, check out `app/components/Visualizer.jsx`. The two methods `_initCanvas` and `_onBeat` are responsible for the visuals - replace their contents to create the visuals you want! `_initCanvas` is called once when the song is loaded. `_onBeat` is called on the moment of each beat of each measure, and it is passed the beat number as well as the chord corresponding to that beat.
